README.md, before:

# pmxbot-glossary

Glossary extension for [pmxbot](https://bitbucket.org/yougov/pmxbot/wiki/Home).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/harveyr/pmxbot-glossary.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/harveyr/pmxbot-glossary)

## Command Examples

**Get a definition**

`!whatis carrot`

**Add a definition**

`!define carrot: An orange rod`

**Update a definition**

Same as adding one:

`!define carrot: An orange vegetable. For more, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carrot`

This creates a new definition without overwriting the old one.

**Get an older definition**

`!whatis carrot 1`

This returns the first definition. `!whatis carrot 2` would return the second, and so on.

**Get a random definition**

`!whatis`
 
 
## Why?

This extension is an effort to test the following hypothesis:

Maintaining definitions of domain lingo via a chat bot is the
best way to keep those definitions up to date and readily accessible
(assuming the group uses some form of internet chat).

I believe this may be the case because:

* It allows painless updating of the definitions (no pull requests, etc.).
* It allows painless retrieval of the definitions.
* It provides a single entry point to docs that are spread among a number
  of sources (assuming you provide links).
* It enables somewhat automatic review of definitions as they are added
  or retrieved.
* It creates "accidental" education: you'll learn stuff just sitting in a
  channel and watching the definitions scroll by.
* Along those lines, it keeps the definitions in front of the eyes of the
  domain experts, maximizing the chances they will spot an obsolete,
  misguided, or missing entry.

Commit message:

Using colon for historical query, since it's possible that an entry will have a number as its final word

README.md, after:

# pmxbot-glossary

Glossary extension for [pmxbot](https://bitbucket.org/yougov/pmxbot/wiki/Home).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/harveyr/pmxbot-glossary.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/harveyr/pmxbot-glossary)

**Note that this will override the default pmxbot !define command.**

## Command Examples

**Get a definition**

`!whatis carrot`

**Add a definition**

`!define carrot: An orange rod`

**Update a definition**

Same as adding one:

`!define carrot: An orange vegetable. For more, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carrot`

This creates a new definition without overwriting the old one.

**Get an older definition**

`!whatis carrot: 1`

This returns the first definition. `!whatis carrot 2` would return the second, and so on.

**Get a random definition**

`!whatis`
 
 
## Why?

This extension is an effort to test the following hypothesis:

Maintaining definitions of domain lingo via a chat bot is the
best way to keep those definitions up to date and readily accessible
(assuming the group uses some form of internet chat).

I believe this may be the case because:

* It allows painless updating of the definitions (no pull requests, etc.).
* It allows painless retrieval of the definitions.
* It provides a single entry point to docs that are spread among a number
  of sources (assuming you provide links).
* It enables somewhat automatic review of definitions as they are added
  or retrieved.
* It creates "accidental" education: you'll learn stuff just sitting in a
  channel and watching the definitions scroll by.
* Along those lines, it keeps the definitions in front of the eyes of the
  domain experts, maximizing the chances they will spot an obsolete,
  misguided, or missing entry.
